Update turn-audit-log-search-on-or-off.md (#5043)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/turn-audit-log-search-on-or-off.md

  
### Use the compliance center to turn on audit log search

1. [Go to the compliance center](compliance.microsoft.com ) and sign in.

2. In the compliance center, go to **Audit** > **Search**.

   If audit log search is not turned on for your organization, a banner is displayed saying **Start recording user and admin activity**.

> 3. Select**Start recording user and admin activity**. You will be prompted to confirm if **Your Organization settings need to be updated. Do you want to Continue?**. Select **Yes** to turn on audit log search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Start recording user and admin activity**. You will be prompted to confirm if **Your Organization settings need to be updated. Do you want to Continue?**. Select **Yes** to turn on audit log search.
```

> 3. Click  **Start recording user and admin activity**. You will be prompted to confirm if **Your Oraganization settings need to be udpated. Do you want to Continue?**. Click **Yes** to turn on Audit log search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select**Start recording user and admin activity**. You will be prompted to confirm if **Your Organization settings need to be updated. Do you want to Continue?**. Select **Yes** to turn on audit log search.
```
